docs: section in migration guide about async LspPlugin (#3003)
sublimelsp/LSP: docs/src/migrating_to_lsp_plugin.md

- `LSP.plugin.run_on_worker_thread`: utility coroutine function to use Sublime's "async thread".

Note that these are both _coroutine functions_ and they _must be awaited_.

### Defer migration of `LspPlugin.on_pre_start_async`

The `on_pre_start_async` method of LspPlugin is supposed to download and unzip a language server binary, or it may have to run NPM, uv, or some other package manager tool for installing the language server files. The functions needed for these operations were all blocking:

- Downloading was usually done with the [`urllib.request.urlretrieve`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/urllib.request.html#urllib.request.urlretrieve). function.
- Unzipping was usually done with the [`zipfile`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/zipfile.html) module. Or perhaps [`tarfile`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/tarfile.html).
- Running a tool was usually done with the [`subprocess`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/subprocess.html) module.

There exist asynchronous counterparts to these functions, but they're not trivial to replace. Here is a non-exhaustive replacement list:

> - Downloading a file asynchronously can be done with the [httpx](https://www.python-httpx.org) third-party package. Package Control can download this library.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this suggestion is accurate but I would write something more useful like that.

```suggestion
- Downloading a file asynchronously can be done with the [httpx](https://www.python-httpx.org) library. Add `httpx` to package dependencies to use it.
```

Author: httpx isn't even available. I replaced the suggestion with aiosonic.
